Brick Tamland: Yeah.. I stabbed a man in the heart.
Ron Burgundy: I saw that! Brick killed a guy. Did you throw a trident?
Brick Tamland: Yeah there were horses and a man on fire and I killed a guy with a trident.
Ron Burgundy: Brick I've been meaning to talk to you about that. You should find yourself a safe house or a relative close by. Lay low for a while because you're probably wanted for murder.

Ron Burgundy: You have an absolutely breathtaking hiney.
 
Ron Burgundy: I'm kind of a big deal. People know me.
 
Garth Holiday: Ron why did you say that? Why? Why Ron? Why? You were my hero Ron!
Garth Holiday: And you come out and. . . Stink like that. . . Poop. . . your poop mouth. . . you have a poop out of your mouth!!!!
Ron Burgundy: Garth, If I were to give you some money out of my wallet, would that ease the Pain?
Garth Holiday: I hate you Ron Burgundy! I hate you!

Brick Tamland: I love, carpet. I love, desk.
Ron Burgundy: Brick, are you just looking at things in the office and saying you love them?
Brick Tamland: I love, lamp.
Ron Burgundy: Do you really love the lamp or are you just saying it because you saw it?
Brick Tamland: I love lamp, I love lamp.
 
Brick Tamland: Heh heh! He said hinney!
 
Ron Burgundy: I'm in a glass cage of emotion
 
Ron Burgundy: Go fuck yourself San Diego
 
Ron Burgundy: It's so hot. Milk was a bad choice.
 
Brian Fantana: They've done studies you know. Sixty percent of the time it works every time.
 
Brick Tamland: I hear that their periods attract bears. The bears can smell the menstration.
 
Veronica Corningstone: Brick are you saying that there is a party in your pants and that I'm invited?
 
Ron Burgundy: Hey aqualung!
 
Brick Tamland: Sorry Champ, I think I ate your chocolate squirrel.
 
Ron Burgundy: By the beard of Zeus!
 
Ron Burgundy: Why don't you go back to your home on whore island?
 
Brick Tamland: I love lamp.
 
Ron Burgundy: Oh Audrey... I look like hell! I got bags under my eyes. What's that? Well if you were a man, I'd punch you. Punch you right in the mouth. That's bush. Bush league. YOU HEAR ME? AUDREY!

Ron Burgundy: Smells like a turd covered in burnt hair.
 
Champ Kind: It is anchorman, not anchorlady! And that is a scientific fact!
 
Ron Burgundy: Brick, where'd you get a hand grenade?
 
Ron Burgundy: Whale's vagina.
 
Brian Fantana: I know what you're wondering, and the answer is yes... I do have a nickname for my penis. It's called 'The Octogon'.

Ron Burgundy: The human torch is denied a bank loan.
 
Brian Fantana: Panda jerk!
 
Ron Burgundy: Well... THAT escalated quickly.
 
Brick Tamland: Bears can smell the menstruation!
 
Brick Tamland: I love lamp.
 
Brian Fantana: They've done studies, you know. 60% of the time, it works every time.
 
Ron Burgundy: You are a smelly pirate hooker!
 
Ron Burgundy: I'M IN A GLASS CASE OF EMOTION!
 
Brick Tamland: I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
 
Champ Kind: I will smash your face into a car windshield, then take your mother, Dorothy Mantooth out for a delicious seafood dinner and then never call her again!

Brick Tamland: I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
 
Brick Tamland: LOUD NOISES!
 
Brick Tamland: I ate a big red candle.
 
Brick Tamland: Hey, where'd you get those clothes, the toilet store?
 
Ron Burgundy: It's so damn hot... Milk was a bad choice.
 
Ron Burgundy: Okay before we start. Lets go over the ground-rules....No touching of the hair or face... And THAT'S IT. Now FIGHT!

Ron Burgundy: Great Odens Raven!
 
Ron Burgundy: Great Knights of Columbus that hurt!

Ron Burgundy: You ate a whole wheel of cheese?!?! I'm not even angry. I'm actually quite impressed.

Brian Fantana: They've done studies you know. It works 60% of the time...Everytime.
 
Ron Burgundy: Hey it's Papa Burgundy! Corningstone is fair game.

Brian Fantana: Eh-OH! There he is!
Ron Burgundy: I'm very aroused.
 
Ron Burgundy: I'm not a baby! I'm a man! An ANCHORMAN!
 
Brick Tamland: Where'd you get your clothes... from the... toilet store?
 
Ron Burgundy: I'm ron burgundy u stay classy san diego
Ron Burgundy: You stay classy, San Diego.
 
Veronica Corningstone: Take me to Pleasure Town.
 
Ron Burgundy: You are a smelly pirate hooker.
 
Ron Burgundy: Don't act like you're not impressed.
 
Champ Kind: I will smash your face into a car windshield, and then take your mother Dorothy Mantooth out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again.

Veronica Corningstone: Mr. Burgundy, you have a massive erection.

Brick Tamland: Loud noises.
 
Ron Burgundy: I look like hell! I got bags under my eyes. What's that? Well if you were a man, I'd punch you. Punch you right in the mouth. That's bush. Bush league.

Ron Burgundy: mmmm... i look... i mean really good hey everyone come and see how good i look
Ron Burgundy: Mmmmm... I look good. I mean really good. Hey everyone come and see how good i look.
 
Ron Burgundy: Brick, where did you get a hand grenade?

Ron Burgundy: Hope I'm not disturbing you, but, uh, I saw you from across the party, and, uh, I don't usually do this, but I felt compelled to tell you something. You have an absolutely breathtaking heinie.

Ron Burgundy: Go fuck yourself, San Diego.
 
Ron Burgundy: It always goes down smooth!
 
Ron Burgundy: Ohh, it's the deep burn. Oh, it's so deep. Oh, I can barely lift my right arm 'cause I did so many. I don't know if you heard me counting. I did over a thousand.

Champ Kind: Tell me about it, this morning, I woke up and I shit a squirrel, but what I can't get is the damn thing is still alive. So now, I've got a shit covered squirrel running around my office and I don't know what to name it.

Brick Tamland: Oh, I'm sorry champ, I think I ate your chocolate squirrel.

Ron Burgundy: Cannon ball!
 
Ron Burgundy: How now brown cow.
 
Brian Fantana: No, she gets a special cologne... It's called Sex Panther by Odeon. It's illegal in nine countries. Yep, it's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good.
 
Brick Tamland: Years later, a doctor will tell me that I have an I.Q. of 48 and am what some people call mentally retarded.

Brick Tamland: I read somewhere their periods attract bears. Bears can smell the menstruation.
Brian Fantana: Well, that's just great. You hear that, Ed? Bears. Now you're putting the whole station in jeopardy.

Brick Tamland: I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
 
Ron Burgundy: You are a smelly pirate hooker.
 
Brick Tamland: Where'd you get your clothes... from the... toilet store?
 
Ron Burgundy: Well, I could be wrong, but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship that was used during the Civil War era.
 
Ron Burgundy: There's nothing here to see, it's just an illusion, don't act like your not impressed.
Ron Burgundy: Don't act like you're not impressed. It's an optical illusion.
 
Veronica Corningstone: Stop calling your arms guns.
 
Ron Burgundy: Brick, where did you get a hand grenade?
Brick Tamland: I don't know.
 
Ron Burgundy: Discovered by the Germans in 1904, they named it San Diego, which of course in German means a whale's vagina.

Veronica Corningstone: Oh Ron, there are literally thousands of other men that I should be with instead, but I am 72 percent sure that I love you.

Ron Burgundy: You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair.